AST-2269 - Remove related post border (#4664)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Two search buttons visible on the empty archive search result page.
- Fix: Disabled Astra meta setting for Blog page which does not not work from metabox, as it acts like a archive page on the frontend.
- Fix: Megamenu spacing conflict with primary menu top offset option on mobile devices.

> - Fix: Border showing up for related post on single post page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Top border showing up for related post section on single post when Boxed & Content Boxed layout is active.
```
